fix: removed join with P_METADATA_SOURCE_TO_SINK_MAPPING_TABLE in  Copy Referential Constraints (#34)
delphix/dcs-for-azure-templates: dcsazure_AzureSQL_to_AzureSQL_mask_pl/README.md

* Execute drop constraint pipeline
  * Call the `dcsazure_AzureSQL_to_AzureSQL_mask_drop_constraint_pl` child pipeline to drop the foreign key constraints from the sink schema.
  * The child pipeline records all the foreign key constraints in the metadata store table `capture_constraints` before dropping them.

>   * **Note**: Only constraints related to tables marked as unmasked in the `METADATA_SOURCE_TO_SINK_MAPPING_TABLE` are dropped. Additionally, if an unmasked table has no columns assigned to a masking algorithm, the associated constraints will still be dropped.

Author: @ankurs-delphix @JessicaLHartog I have added this note to the Azure SQL mask pipeline documentation to better explain the behaviour of Drop Constraints pipeline:
1. Only those constraints associated with unmasked tables will be dropped
2. If an unmasked table does not have any column assigned to an algorithms, the constraints associated with the unmasked table will still be dropped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **Note**: Only drops constraints related to sink tables whose data mapping in the `METADATA_SOURCE_TO_SINK_MAPPING_TABLE` has not been successfully mapped. This includes unmasked tables, independent of `P_COPY_UNMASKED_TABLES`.
```

Author: Done
